======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, my daughter had to be born right and now, that's the happiest day of her life.
 And this is the happiest day of my life.
 No, you're right.
 I'm a very lucky guy.
 Now come on, get your arms up.
 We'll get to them.
 I have not been the happiest man in the entire world.
 I'm just trying to put the world in perspective.
 Because you can be a lot.
 I'm not a lot.
 I'm just a normal person.
 - Hey, man, guys, come on.
 Let's get this thing moving.
 This is crazy.
 Oh, my God, I know.
 Let's get a handle on this.
 Oh.
 Hey, guys.
 So here we go.
 - I'm sorry to interrupt.
 - Oh, yeah? I'm so sorry, Todd.
 Thank you.
 Oh, thanks, Mr.
 Peanutbutter.
 Well, uh, hi, it's the first day of school.
 Well, I'm trying to work on "The Godfather," but I can't.
 BoJack Horseman is trying to play himself.
 Uh, he really wants to.
 - Oh! - Oh, wow.
 - Are you? I'm more or less doing what you're supposed to do.
 I don't have to.
 - It's normal to be.
 - It's normal for you? You're the one getting it, and it's normal for me.
 I can't do this anymore.
 - Oh, yeah.
 It's so stupid.
 - Oh, yeah, it's actually not that stupid.
 Well, I'm gonna go find a doctor tomorrow, and I'm going to tell him I'm doing a job, so I'll keep my eye on the ball and be fine.
 I love doing the hard, hard, work.
 And I love the idea of being somebody else, someone you can be in a lot of ways.
 - You think your job is all jobwise? - Sure.
 - Hey, this is Diane, by the way - Hey, everyone, please tell your parents.
 I want to take care of them after the funeral.
 - Oh, okay.
 - This baby's in the room with Diane, so, uh -- - No, Diane, please don't touch it.
 - Yeah, we don't need it.
 - I'm not touching anyone.
 - Why would he be? I thought I had such a marvelous baby.
 Well, I thought I could do a whole scene with you, but Diane is taking the whole scene with her.
 Uh, it's like we're in this movie with the twins.
 But now I gotta do the scenes.
 - This is good.
 - Oh, Diane? I'm sorry, but this baby's in there with you.
 I mean, I don't know what is the best way to move a baby, but that's your decision.
 You don't get to be there for my little boy.
 You can sit there, and watch the movie and wonder, but if you're having him watch the entire movie with me, then, you look like a dumb kid.
 Huh? Is it weird to be playing a game with your little brother? Oh.
 - Oh.
 Uh, yeah.
 Well.
 Okay.
 Well, the thing is, that baby has been adopted by a woman.
 So, she's still trying to think of a good boyfriend and how terrible it would be to have a man
 living with her if he decided it was all his fault.
 What? Are you telling me I still have a girlfriend? Well, I'm not having it.
 I don't think you're trying to have me.
 Why? Why are you trying to have me? Because I'm trying to see you.
 We have a beautiful little town, and it's always perfect.
 And I don't wanna spend time with your little brother.
 I don't wanna leave my parents at home crying all the time.
 And I don't wanna make my life miserable for your father and his family.
 Well, I guess all that really gives me the power I need right now.
 Okay, Mr.
 Peanutbutter, who's got that stupid dog in their bag, is looking on all these years.
 How much longer until we can finally get you to make your own? Oh, sorry, I'm being an idiot.
 Well, I'll be there for you, Todd.
 - That's a deal.
 - But we know your mom's too busy
 to see you here.
 Because she can see you.
 Oh, you know where that's coming from.
 Oh, sure, look where she's looking at you.
 You want to watch the screen and hear
